Added doc to PSP (#250)
okteto/docs: src/content/self-hosted/administration/configuration.mdx

  - "169.254.169.254/32"
```

### podSecurityPolicy

> Decide if you want [pod security policy](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/security/pod-security-policy/) to be added to the Roles and ClusterRoles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Decide if you want [pod security policy](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/security/pod-security-policy/) to be added to the service accounts created by Okteto.
```

Enabled by default.

> - `useAppArmor`: Add the apparmor security annotations to the restrictive PSP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `useAppArmor`: Add the apparmor security annotations to the Okteto pod security policies.
```
